hello it again right now I want to talk
about this ok on your hat don't you
think is cool I have these stripes
I don't think you can see quite clearly
on
cameras as you can because I'll try and
get a good picture of it later
I hadn't made by a friend applying for
his it's obviously
as a hairdresser and has actually been
been been abroad to learn what it was
about
so
I just needed to have my hair cut he
told me
she could do it I was like okay
I know I takes place no it's raining
it's probably for my mind she'll silver
so I will do my head
that he asked me what I'd like to to
have baked
and I just told him you go ahead and do
whatever he wants and then the he was
likely
I was sure you want that because he is
quite crazy I've seen some of this stuff
he's done
so bright colors and
it's really cool and I just told you to
go ahead and do whatever this is what we
did
do you like it yes
see you later